Update dotnet-tool ps (#28253)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-counters.md

## dotnet-counters ps

 Lists the dotnet processes that cam be monitored.

>  dotnet-counters version 7 and later versions, also display the command-line arguments that each process was started with, if available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 dotnet-counters version 6.0.320703 and later, also display the command-line arguments that each process was started with, if available.
```

As far as I am aware there is no dotnet-counters version 7? Whatever we do for this one should also be repeated wherever else this pattern shows up for any of the tools.

## dotnet-counters ps

Display a list of dotnet processes that can be monitored.

> On .NET 7 and later versions, also displays the command-line arguments that each process was started with.

Reviewer 2: I think it's good to at least mention that the command-line arguments aren't available in previous versions. We should get @tdykstra 's opinion about "This article applies to..." and the tool version vs. the SDK. But if we say it only applies to the latest version, users with an older version might skip over the article completely - even though it's mostly applicable to them.

In the .NET API ref, we have to share doc comments between all versions, so we do a lot of calling out which behavior (e.g. exceptions) is specific to certain versions.

> On .NET 7 and later versions, also displays the command-line arguments that each process was started with.

Reviewer 3: In the .NET CLI docs we leave "applies to" at 3.0 and in the text where we describe something newer, we add "Available since .NET x SDK." In this case we could say something like "Available since tool version 7.x" to follow the same pattern. Or just change "On .NET 7 and later versions, also displays..." to "Tool version 7.x and later also displays..."

> On .NET 7 and later versions, also displays the command-line arguments that each process was started with.

Reviewer: Thanks for the suggestions! I think that would give us something like this (which sounds fine to me):

> This article applies to: dotnet-counters version 3 and above
...
##dotnet-counters ps
Display a list of dotnet processes that can be monitored.
dotnet-counters version 7.x and later also displays the command-line arguments ...

> On .NET 7 and later versions, also displays the command-line arguments that each process was started with.

Author: I believe it is coupled with the tools.

```console
> dotnet-counters ps
  
  15683 WebApi     /home/user/repos/WebApi/WebApi   commandline arguments 1

>   16324 dotnet     /usr/local/share/dotnet/dotnet   commandline arguments 2

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's better to first show how these processes were started, and then show list the actual output from `dotnet-counters ps`.

Also on line 420, can you add: "On .NET 7 and later versions, also displays the command-line arguments that each process was started with."
